vector search: refine wording (#1)
Mini256/docs: tidb-cloud/vector-search-get-started-via-python-client.md

### Step 5. Connect to the TiDB cluster

> Use the `tidb_vector.integrations.TiDBVectorClient()` function to connect to your TiDB cluster and create a table `embedded_documents` with a vector column to serve as the vector store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `TiDBVectorClient` class to connect to your TiDB cluster and create a table `embedded_documents` with a vector column to serve as the vector store.
```
